All right guys welcome back.
So this lecture we're going to do is we're going to do a bit of a deep dive into the main tools that
you're going to be setting up for each of your zombies.
We're going to look at the settings that I have for my zombies and then we'll show a quick way that
you can do it for one and then apply it to a bunch of zombies.
So what we're going to do is go to Jarvi go to Tools.
OK.
Now this is the screen that we've already seen before we have these little toggles where it shows what
functions on each zombie are currently running.
You'll notice that we have blue dots red info's and yellow.
Now what that basically means is a blue means everything's all good.
Yellow means you are reaching a point where there is a problem.
So a lot of times I've my unfollow but running and Oko yellow and that means well there's actually no
one to follow.
Or maybe my settings are nearing the point where I'm doing too much.
And then red means we've hit some wall.
Either the log in is wrong so you can't run anything or you've hit Instagram's API limits or Jarvi Sometimes
we'll stop you from going too far.
So keep that in mind.
Anytime something turns red you just want to go and check it out and see what the problem is.
So for instance this is my main account.
It says action block this action is blocked.
We try again.
We restrict certain content for the block text or community.
Now that's a Jarvi limitation generally.
For some reason doesn't like that I'm doing likes that is probably because somewhere else in my settings
I have likes going.
So typically I would just turn this off.
It doesn't seem like it's actually doing anything.
As you can see we have this ratio right here so it'll say zero or zero What this basically means as
the first one is how many actions today has Jarvi run for this.
And then the second one is how many should it theoretically run.
Now as we tweak the settings you'll notice these numbers will change.
So with innovations station it says you know I think this might actually be the weekly limit.
This is something that's clearly off but that's how many follows it should send.
And then this is how many it's done today so it only has a limit.
Typically the maximum that you're ever going to hit and this could change depending on when you're walking
the course is about a hundred follows per day and each one of these has different upper bounds for this.
Just keep in mind the more you do the more likely Instagram is going to flag you.
So it's really important that you start off by being as conservative as possible and slowly over the
course of months.
Build these up.
Remember we talked about aged accounts.
You have an aged account that can actually help you and that you can skip some of the months of the
warm up period.
But in general you still have to do a warm up period.
So let's go ahead and look at say oh my god technology.
So you just double click it.
Now the follow is the main thing we care about.
Right.
We have this thing reposting from my main account.
But the way that we get people to look at it besides hashtags and posting is through the follow bot.
Now we used to have ask before you're more than welcome to hook up your main account to Jarvi and use
their follow system.
That's actually what I use because I'm already paying for it for the zombies.
And also I like their follow system better.
We have more control over it.
Let's look at some of the settings now.
Here's what the settings are not going to go over because they're not really useful only if you are
super advanced to which I don't think you really have a need to do unless you're doing thousands and
thousands of zombies.
OK so right here we have run timers and we have three main settings right here though we have to figure
out the first one is wait between blank and blank minutes for each new operation.
Now its keyword this function is the follow function.
So what it does is it goes and finds people that fit within a certain category and it follows them that
notifies that person and there's a good likelihood they follow you back.
Now what I'm doing here is I'm setting a range for each set of operations.
Now an operation is just the system will go OK.
Now it's time to go follow people.
And it might follow one person or might follow a bunch of people but whatever it does all at once it
considers that an operation.
So it does follow between blank and blank per operation.
So it set up say fall has been four and seven people per operation and that's pretty normal.
You can lower that if you are any more conservative you can raise it it's going to be more aggressive
but you have to go back up here and say every time I do an operation I don't want to just pause and
wait for this range of time before it does the next one because you wouldn't want your thing to just
follow a hundred people all at once that would look extremely strange.
So make sure that you have a range here also because what Jarvi will do is it will look at a number
in between this range so that one operation will wait 15 minutes one operation might wait 19 minutes.
That's good because you don't want it to pause the exact same amount of time every single time.
Humans don't do that.
And that's the whole idea is we're trying to mimic humans.
Now we have a with a delay between blank and blank seconds between each follow.
Now that's in tween each individual follow within an operation.
So I'm doing four to seven per operation that means I have to wait 30 60 seconds in between each follow.
Right.
So if I'm doing for well it could wait 30 seconds in between each one that ends up being something like
two minutes.
And that's the low end dry.
It's just important that you keep a range here like a healthy range because humans aren't going to follow
follow follow follow follow.
Usually they follow look at the person's account.
Move on to the next one look at another count then follow.
So make sure you have the settings kind of in sync in a way that it actually makes sense.
Now I have execute between 12:45 p.m. and 12:30 a.m. This is up to you if you want to add this to some
people do it and they set it for 12:00 p.m. to 11:59 a.m. and that means it runs all the time.
But keep in mind the goal here is to imitate a human being and human beings do this weird thing called
sleep.
So it doesn't really make sense that your account is 24/7 on it using it as a normal human wouldn't
do that.
So that's something that we want to avoid.
You can also add an interval.
Right here.
So for instance always stay between 8:00 a.m. and 2:00 a.m. That means that I'm hitting hard parameters
so it's not ever following outside of this right here because that's when I would assume to be asleep.
You'd also do randomize intervals intervals daily.
So what that'll do is it'll change this interval slightly within a 60 minute range every single day.
Again more variety makes you look more human and less like a bot.
So that's another thing I think is pretty important.
You can also add in a random sleep time right here.
If you click that it'll just randomize something.
I don't personally do the random sleep time just because I think it's a little unnecessary and also
look kind of weird if my account was sleeping during the day one day and then the next day sleeping
during the night and it just never had a consistent pattern where you can use days of the week when
to operate.
You can change that.
You don't want it to work on weekends or only work on weekends.
You can rotate days.
I don't usually play with that again it's just another layer that you can add to make this look more
human than you can do is increase follow people per operation daily.
That's perfectly fine to do that here.
I prefer to set my limits on this next section right here.
So follow limits.
Now this is a very important setting.
When you first make this you ought to make sure that your follow maximum is low.
So when I first started doing this there was like 25 to 50 people something like that really really
low.
And then what I did is increase each day with 25 until it reaches a maximum.
Now eight hundred is just generally speaking the max you're ever going to get without him flipping out.
Will they change something.
But right now that's pretty much it.
That's all you can do.
So I had you know 25 to 50 moving up by 25 if I was you to redo these.
I would do them way more conservative.
I would literally start at like 5 to 15 at 10 or 15 until it reaches 18.
I realize that'll take multiple months but these are long term accounts and it's pretty important to
get these off the ground successfully without them just getting bogged down.
Generally speaking skip this enable automatic Calo send or extract their users.
That's just another other advanced technique that you don't need.
Now the next section is user filters.
Now this is pretty important such that when it does follow people you're hitting people who are most
likely going to follow you back.
So that's pretty important.
So we have Skip non-English users users a profile image.
These are a number of posts user BIOS and a number of characters.
Basically we want to make sure that people with all are interested in what we're interested in.
They're active too and they are not a mass follower count because those don't really help us in any
way.
I mean they give us an accurate number and our followers which doesn't give us real users should we
care about.
So I for instance put Skipp non-English users because my posts are English.
It doesn't really make sense to me to have someone who is an entirely different language.
They're not going to enjoy my content so that's something I avoid.
There's a profile image.
Generally speaking if you have a profile image you're probably not active.
So I usually like to skip that.
Also it just looks bad when you have a lot of people who are following you but they don't have a profile
photo.
So it's just kind of a lower quality.
You can also go way more into this.
Make sure that their bio has a certain number of characters are things like they have to contain a certain
phrase that's the setting you can do.
So for instance I only want people who say technology in their profile to follow me personally haven't
had a lot of success with that so I usually avoid it.
You also do things like there's a follow ratio so you don't want say mass following accounts then what
you can do is say well they can't have a ratio greater than 2 to one or something right the number of
people they followed to people who follow them has to be within a certain reasonable limit mass following
accounts will have you know 10 times as many followings as they do followers so you can actually avoid
that if you want to.
The next thing is user posted within the last x days I usually do this ones because they didn't post
in last 90 days and the not very active so I'm actually just wasting a lot of follows because it also
means that if they have it posted and they're probably not checking their notifications then I have
users not following this account already.
That's good because otherwise you'll go and you'll follow people who have already been converted to
your account so you just want to avoid that because it's spammy and you actually get people to unfollow
you by doing that.
But do not follow private users.
That's up to you.
Just keep in mind private users they have to approve it when you follow them.
So it's just jumping.
I generally avoid.
I don't really have strong feelings about that.
I've tried both.
It doesn't always make a difference.
You can also blacklist specific users if you have people for instance who are putting really bad comments
or something like that I put Skipp business accounts because I want real people following me I don't
really want business accounts following I mean that's not really the audience I'm trying to build but
it depends what you're trying to do.
Honestly if you're a business account Well then getting business accounts to follow you could be important
right especially if you sell like B2B services.
You can do things like Skype accounts with the Web site.
I don't like doing that.
And the idea is just because some accounts might be promoting something.
So those are less likely to be authentic which means that maybe Skepta people have a Web site that saves
you that.
But I've also found that a lot of users who are normal users just have their own Web site.
You know they make their music.
They sell something.
They just have their own site.
OK the rest of it is just you know bloggers and layers of granularity that you really need to know.
You can also do after follow actions so you can do things like.
First thing is to like a user's latest post.
Now keep in mind this is going to run into problems.
You also run like tools on your account.
So just keep that in mind but it's generally a good practice to have it follow someone and then like
maybe two of their photos because that will get their attention more often than just a regular follow.
It also looks more like a human like so when I found your account and they decided to click through.
Now I have the settings set up and like.
So it's not really something that I add but it's perfectly up you you also do things like commenting
on users latest post again.
Talk about for I don't like commenting so I generally avoid that.
You also do things like send a direct message or follow.
Just keep in mind though that your account could be falling under people and you send 800 direct messages.
That is going to get flagged eventually.
So that's something I wouldn't really try unless you had an account that had been running for a really
long time and even then I would make sure that you set up all the settings so that it really does it
sparingly.
Other stuff you can do is like except pending Reclast.
And this one is actually very important.
And I don't know I actually have it on this one but you want to make sure that you remove poor quality
sources.
Now it's going to pull followers from somewhere and that's how we're going to talk about right next
is here this section called Follow sources.
And so what you want to do is make sure that you're not repeatedly hitting a list that is just not relevant
and you're not getting followers because you're just wasting your time.
It's really an opportunity cost.
So I have removed source that the follow back ratio is lower than point one.
There might be a little aggressive.
But generally speaking if you have a list of people that are very interested what you're doing and your
content is not terrible then.
Point one is actually a pretty good mark to shoot for.
So that would mean that I follow 10 people I expect one person to fall back to follow me that's great.
But if only half a person.
You know like say I fall 20 and only one person called me that below the threshold.
And after a thousand times I did this.
If the ratio is too low I would it would the system automatically just move on to something else.
OK now in next section you follow sources and this is a moment to pick where we get our followers from.
Now there are different ways to do this.
I like to keep it simple.
But you guys can get as fancy as you want.
You can you follow users by hash tag search.
So what that means is it'll search for a hash tag like say hash tag technology and it'll follow people
who are either posting there or are commenting or follow users there.
Now I think that's too much of a shotgun approach so I just don't do that.
You also do follow by username fullname bile.
That's really more for a specific use case than the one I use the most actually is follow followers
of target accounts.
I find that that is just much easier to piggyback off of if I find someone who posts OT about technology
or gadgets and they're a real authentic account and they've grown over a long period of time then I
would much rather just borrow their list of people knowing that if they like that account they probably
like mine.
So I use some things like inspiring DOS type inventions philosophy of science.
These are just based off of your experience right like philosophy of science have found that the people
following that just like science accounts they're more likely to be real accounts and not bots and then
other ones like hype inventions.
This is probably better for people that are into like viral content but they do like technology so that's
another one.
Now keep in mind if you had your settings such that it removes quality sources you can add as many of
these as you want.
And it'll just automatically cycle through them and figure out which ones are good and keep those in
and get rid of the rest so you don't really have to sit here and curate this list as much as you think.
OK so you can do things like followers of your own followers.
I don't think that's a very good way of doing it just because the followers of your followers don't
necessarily like the same things as civic users.
That's another one you can do follow using geolocation.
That's a great one.
If your business is a like a retail shop or you have a physical location somewhere so you really just
want to go after people in a certain location that actually could be useful use case not for me follow
users that have interactor to post on target accounts that's another one I think is very useful right.
So if I've already decided that philosophy of science has the same type of follower that I want.
Well the people who comment on that are like that or even more likely to like technology or to be active.
So I find that that is a very useful thing.
Typically what I do is I say follow users who commented in the last two thousand eight hundred eighty
minutes.
Correct me if I'm wrong it's in the last like 48 hours.
Right.
For whatever reason it makes you do it in minutes.
So just that's that's a good baseline I think 48 hours.
I wouldn't only want to follow people who who post posted last day because maybe they can only post
once a day and don't get that many people.
So that's a pretty good baseline to use.
OK now down here I put you know Gary V Tech virus I really kind of mix it up because I know that this
system will automatically figure it out on its own.
The last one is wrapping up a follow users interaction with posts on target posts so I could upload
a specific post and say I just want people on just who interact with this post not the account.
I find that way too tedious and I have to constantly keep maintaining that.
Follow users attack specific users.
Yeah it's too specific.
Or know these cases there.
And then follows suggested users that relies on the inscription algorithm that constantly suggests people
to follow.
So I again I don't really like to rely on that.
OK so that's it.
Past that we have results so this will tell us everyday what has worked.
See will say these are all the people we followed followed followed and says where it got it from.
And then we can see if it's unfollowed them yet and it will say followed back eventually once you find
someone.
You know I have 200 pages of this and these are all I have been running today so it's not super common
that people fall you immediately so who I create here it says followed back.
So that's why I keeping track to make sure something's not awry.
The last thing is extracted users which if you are using user based targeting than it will tell you
these are the ones that it's specifically going after.
OK guys next lecture we're going to talk about liking and commenting and following back.
OK.
See you then.